Chunkmapper Beta End User License Agreement (EULA)

MATTHEW MOLLOY LICENSES CHUNKMAPPER TO YOU SUBJECT TO THE TERMS CONTAINED IN THIS END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT (THE "AGREEMENT" or "EULA"). READ THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT CAREFULLY BEFORE COPYING AND USING CHUNKMAPPER (THE "SOFTWARE"). THE SOFTWARE IS COPYRIGHTED AND IT IS LICENSED TO YOU UNDER THIS EULA, NOT SOLD TO YOU. BY INSTALLING, COPYING OR OTHERWISE USING THE SOFTWARE, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS OF THIS EULA. IF YOU ARE NOT WILLING TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS OF THIS EULA, DO NOT INSTALL, COPY OR USE THE SOFTWARE, AND DELETE IT FROM YOUR COMPUTER.

THIS EULA IS A LEGAL AGREEMENT BETWEEN MATTHEW MOLLOY AND YOU, EITHER AN INDIVIDUAL OR SINGLE ENTITY ("LICENSEE").

Assent to be Bound

By clicking "Accept" when prompted for Agreement or otherwise using this Software, Licensee agrees to be bound by the terms of this Agreement.  If Licensee does not agree to any term or condition, do not run this software and delete it from your computer.  In addition, certain third party code may be provided with this Software.  The third-party license terms accompanying such code, and not the terms of this Agreement, will govern your use of such code.

Grant of License

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Matthew Molloy grants to Licensee a non-exclusive, non-transferable license (without the right to sublicense) (i) to use the Software, and (ii) to copy Software for archival or backup purposes, provided that all titles and trademarks, copyright, and restricted rights notices are reproduced on such copies.

Restrictions on Grant

Except as otherwise specifically permitted in this Agreement, Licensee may not: (a) Modify or create any derivative works of Software, including translation or localization; (b) Reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble or otherwise attempt to derive the source code of the Software; (c) Remove or alter any trademark, logo, copyright or other proprietary notices, legends, symbols or labels in the Software.

Ownership and Copyright of Software

Title to the Software and all copies thereof remain with Matthew Molloy.  The Software is copyrighted and is protected by United States copyright laws and international treaty provisions. Licensee will not remove copyright notices from the Software.  Except as expressly provided herein, Matthew Molloy does not grant any express or implied right to Licensee under his patents, copyrights, trademarks, or trade secret information.

Term of This Agreement

Matthew Molloy may terminate this agreement for any reason at any time.  He will terminate this Agreement by sending notification to Licensee within the Software and via the website www.chunkmapper.com.  Licensee may also terminate this agreement at any time for any reason. Upon termination of this Agreement, the rights and licenses granted to Licensee under this Agreement shall immediately terminate, and Licensee shall immediately cease using, and will delete the Software.

Limitation on Liability

Provision of the Software under this Agreement is experimental and shall not create any obligation for Matthew Molloy to continue to develop, productize, support, repair, offer for sale or in any other way continue to provide or develop Software either to Licensee or to any other party.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTY OF ANY KIND INCLUDING WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE. IN NO EVENT SHALL MATTHEW MOLLOY BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, LOSS OF INFORMATION) ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE SOFTWARE, EVEN IF MATTHEW MOLLOY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

Governing Law and Choice of Forum

This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of New Zealand, without regard to the conflicts of law rules thereof. Any claim or dispute arising in connection with this EULA shall be resolved in the courts situated in Wellington. To the maximum extent permitted by law, you hereby consent to the jurisdiction and venue of such courts and waive any objections to the jurisdiction or venue of such courts.

Entire Agreement

This Agreement constitutes the complete and exclusive agreement between Matthew Molloy and Licensee with respect to the subject matter hereof, and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous oral or written communications, proposals, representations, understandings, or agreements not specifically incorporated herein. This Agreement may not be amended except in a writing duly signed by Matthew Molloy and Licensee.

CHUNKMAPPER PRIVACY POLICY

Chunkmapper respects your privacy.  When you download Chunkmapper your IP address is privately recorded to collect statistics, however no personal information about you is obtained.  This data is not passed to any third parties.

Third party Licenses

Chunkmapper utillises Protocol Buffers which are subject to the following license.

Copyright 2008, Google Inc.
All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met:

    * Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
    * Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer
in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the
distribution.
    * Neither the name of Google Inc. nor the names of its
contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from
this software without specific prior written permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS
"AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR
A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT
OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,
DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY
THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE
OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

Code generated by the Protocol Buffer compiler is owned by the owner
of the input file used when generating it.  This code is not
standalone and requires a support library to be linked with it.  This
support library is itself covered by the above license.

***

Chunkmapper also uses several libraries released under the apache license available at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
